In some cases you need to simplify your model so using XYZ domain transfer function can make a complex
model which contains so many blocks much more easier.
In this lecture I'm going to repeat the spring damping system problem.
But in this time by using transfer function proc by looking at the system equations again in time domain
and why a lot plus C white dot plus K times Y minus X equals to zero in s domain MSA squared y plus
C S Y plus K Y equals two K X.
So the transfer function of the system is y over x equals two K over MSA squared plus C S plus K and
Samuel link we can use a transfer function directly from the library.
So as you can see this model is a previous model of the time domain equations.
I will forms as domain model by using controls for function and compares the results of past models
from the continuous blocks drag and drop transfer function block
double click the transfer function block.
Here we can add post as a numerator and denominator.
In our example the numerator is k equals to forty thousands
and the denominator coefficients are 25 for a c squared.
One hundred and fifty four S and forty thousand
I will expend this.
As you can see the transfer function has been added and defined.
Now I will feed the input signal to the transfer function
what I'm going to do is I will add three scoops the first one to plug the output of the transfer function
as well as the output of the time domain simulation.
The other one to plugs the output of the transfer function only in the last one to plot the output of
the time domain simulation.
So let's do that
our drag and drop marks block now wiring pull signals
three scoops
this one here.
This is here
and finally is this one.
Now let's runs a model.
This is available from the transfer function.
The oscillations are but as you can see
these results are almost the same.
Of the time domain results the plot of both signals is the same graph as you can see is they are almost
the same and cover each other.
You can also look as the results as numbers in a steed of graphs so we can have a better idea of the
error between two methods.
So our drag and drop to smallpox
I would close is a and this one be now runs a model in the workspace type A the data to get the results
of the time domain
and be the data to give us the results of the transfer function
as you can see as the results are always the same.
If you are correct it took four digits.
You can also define error equals to a minus B and as you can see the error is too small between the
two models.